[RUM-6371] Micro frontend support documentation (#25605)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/advanced_configuration.md

| RUM event type   | Context                   |
|------------------|---------------------------|
| View             | [Location][6]                  |

> | Action           | [Event][7] and handling stack                     |,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Action           | [Event][7] and handling stack                     |
```

> | Resource (XHR)   | [XMLHttpRequest][8] [PerformanceResourceTiming][9], and handling stack            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Resource (XHR)   | [XMLHttpRequest][8], [PerformanceResourceTiming][9], and handling stack            |
```

- The feature is incompatible with the `trackSessionAcrossSubdomains` options because `localStorage` data is only shared among the same origin (login.site.com ≠ app.site.com)
- `localStorage` is limited to 5 MiB by origin, so the application-specific data, Datadog contexts, and other third-party data stored in local storage must be within this limit to avoid any issues

## Micro frontend

> Starting with version 5.22, the RUM Browser SDK supports micro frontend architectures. The mechanism is based on stacktrace, to use it, you must be able to extract service and version properties from your application's file paths and filenames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 5.22, the RUM Browser SDK supports micro frontend architectures. The mechanism is based on stacktrace. To use it, you must be able to extract service and version properties from your application's file paths and filenames.
```

### How to use it

> In the beforeSend property, you can override the service and version properties. To help you identify where the event originated, a new property `context.handlingStack` was introduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `beforeSend` property, you can override the service and version properties. To help you identify where the event originated, use the `context.handlingStack` property.
```
